so let us write recursive Function Reverse which takes the
string str starting Index I and its length n as parameters
First in the function we need to write the base
case
That is when start Index is equal to middle index
That is when I is equal to n by two
We need to just return so write If I equal
to n by two then return
Otherwise we need to swap the first index character and
its corresponding last index character
So right swap of Ambersons str of i coma Ambersons
str of n minus i minus one And then we need
to call the function recursively by passing the string
incremental I and length n so write reverse of str
comma
I plus one comma n that's it we have implemented the logic to reverse the string recursively.